Oh
you
we're the London Boat Show on bennetto's
new 10:57 which is attracting a lot of
attention here and it's easy to see why
whereas on most folks the cockpits and
main accommodation are quite separate
and divorced on this boat the two areas
flow almost seeing seamlessly into each
other both the saloon and galley or as
the aft end as the accommodation and are
only three easy steps down from the
cockpit and we've got these glazed
windows as well that help to soften the
distinction between the two areas
although the layout means that the boat
doesn't have the two are called having
those most boats there's still two very
generous guest cabins ahead of Lisa loon
as well as this spacious owner's suite
and about there's a really big
comfortable cockpit with a absence of
the excuse me factor that you get on off
the boat when different people trying to
move around and the solid arch here that
takes the main street also has I'd Emily
that pulls back to give you shelter from
the Sun the falls down fading platform
is really nicely executed and there's
also an outside galley
[Music]